2023/README.md, before:

Python is easily my strongest programming language, so for an extra challenge I'll make golf solutions in addition to writing proper, clean solutions for each day. Where possible, I'll also try solving problems in more *interesting* ways.

|      Day      |                      Golf Sizes (bytes)                      | Tags                                                  | Remarks                                                                                  |
|:-------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------:|-------------------------------------------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [1](Day%2001) | [69](Day%2001/golf_part1.py), [188](Day%2001/golf_part2.py)  | Brute Force, Rabin Karp                               |                                                                                          |
| [2](Day%2002) | [117](Day%2002/golf_part1.py), [136](Day%2002/golf_part2.py) | Parsing, Regex                                        |                                                                                          |
| [3](Day%2003) | [215](Day%2003/golf_part1.py), [300](Day%2003/golf_part2.py) | 2D Array                                              |                                                                                          |
| [4](Day%2004) | [63](Day%2004/golf_part1.py), [114](Day%2004/golf_part2.py)  | DP                                                    | Really like how *simple* the golf solution for part 1 turned out to be                   |
| [5](Day%2005) | [191](Day%2005/golf_part1.py), [294](Day%2005/golf_part2.py) | Intervals                                             |                                                                                          |
| [6](Day%2006) | [105](Day%2006/golf_part1.py), [88](Day%2006/golf_part2.py)  | Brute Force, Binary Search, Peak Finding, Mathematics |                                                                                          |
| [7](Day%2007) | [222](Day%2007/golf_part1.py), [276](Day%2007/golf_part2.py) | Greedy, Horner's Method                               | Super proud of how the card scoring functions turned out (especially the golfed ones 😈) |
| [8](Day%2008) | [133](Day%2008/golf_part1.py), [201](Day%2008/golf_part2.py) | Mathematics                                           |                                                                                          |
| [9](Day%2009) | [108](Day%2009/golf_part1.py), [107](Day%2009/golf_part2.py) | Method of Finite Differences                          |                                                                                          |

Commit message:

Day 9: Add formula-based solution

2023/README.md, after:

Python is easily my strongest programming language, so for an extra challenge I'll make golf solutions in addition to writing proper, clean solutions for each day. Where possible, I'll also try solving problems in more *interesting* ways.

| Day | Golf Sizes (bytes) | Tags | Remarks |
|:---:|:------------------:|------|---------|
| [1](Day%2001) | [69](Day%2001/golf_part1.py), [188](Day%2001/golf_part2.py) | Brute Force, Rabin Karp | |
| [2](Day%2002) | [117](Day%2002/golf_part1.py), [136](Day%2002/golf_part2.py) | Parsing, Regex | |
| [3](Day%2003) | [215](Day%2003/golf_part1.py), [300](Day%2003/golf_part2.py) | 2D Array | |
| [4](Day%2004) | [63](Day%2004/golf_part1.py), [114](Day%2004/golf_part2.py) | DP | Really like how *simple* the golf solution for part 1 turned out to be |
| [5](Day%2005) | [191](Day%2005/golf_part1.py), [294](Day%2005/golf_part2.py) | Intervals | |
| [6](Day%2006) | [105](Day%2006/golf_part1.py), [88](Day%2006/golf_part2.py) | Brute Force, Binary Search, Peak Finding, Mathematics | |
| [7](Day%2007) | [222](Day%2007/golf_part1.py), [276](Day%2007/golf_part2.py) | Greedy, Horner's Method | Super proud of how the card scoring functions turned out (especially the golfed ones 😈) |
| [8](Day%2008) | [133](Day%2008/golf_part1.py), [201](Day%2008/golf_part2.py) | Mathematics | |
| [9](Day%2009) | [108](Day%2009/golf_part1.py), [107](Day%2009/golf_part2.py) | Method of Finite Differences | I've got a solution which estimates the answer by using NumPy to approximate the polynomials that produce the given sequences. I've also written a solution which directly calculates the answers with an explicit formula involving binomial coefficients |
